<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
    <title>Manifeste Style Map</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Manifeste Style Map</h1>
    <table>
      <tr>
        <th>System Style Name</th>
        <th>User Style Name</th>
        <th>Comment</th>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>standard~noindent</td>
        <td>Manuskriptseiten_Times_10_12</td>
        <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>standard</td>
        <td>Manuskriptseiten_Times_10_12__mit_Einzug</td>
        <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>margin~right</td>
        <td>Manuskriptseiten_Courier_Manuskripts___rechts</td>
        <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>margin</td>
        <td>Manuskriptseiten_Courier_Manuskriptseiten</td>
        <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>review_head</td>
        <td>Patentexte_Courier_Patentexte</td>
        <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>review_body~manual_hyphens</td>
        <td>Patentexte_Times_Patentexte__Trennung</td>
        <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>review_body</td>
        <td>Patentexte_Times_Patentexte</td>
        <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>xref</td>
        <td>Seitenzahlen_und_Verweise_Courier_Seitenverweise</td>
        <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>pagenum</td>
        <td>Manuskriptseiten_Courier_Manuskriptseiten</td>
        <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>pagenum~right</td>
        <td>Manuskriptseiten_Courier_Manuskripts___rechts</td>
        <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>pagenum</td>
        <td>Seitenzahlen_und_Verweise_Seitenzahl_links</td>
        <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>list</td>
        <td>Spezielles_Times_Aufz_hlung</td>
        <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>~monospace~underline~fontprop</td>
        <td>Courier_Courier__unterstrichen</td>
        <td>CAUTION: the underline property is a font feature called 'LINIE-2' that the converter doesn’t recognize. All underlining is lost unless we add it again during conversion.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>~uppercase</td>
        <td>Courier_Versalien_Courier</td>
        <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>~nounderline</td>
        <td>Formatgruppe_1_nicht_unterstrichen</td>
        <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>~uppercase</td>
        <td>Times_Versalien</td>
        <td></td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td>~serif~italic</td>
        <td>Times_kursiv</td>
        <td></td>
      </tr>
    </table>
    <h2>Explanation</h2>
    <ul>
      <li>The tilde ('~') and the string '_-_' may be used interchangeably in both first columns. They are called “tilde
        metacharacters”.</li>
      <li>Table rows without <code>td</code> will be ignored.</li>
      <li>Otherwise the first <code>td</code> in a row needs to hold the canonical (system) style name, while the second
          <code>td</code> contains the user-defined style name that is found in the actual content and that should be mapped to
        the system name.</li>
      <li>Both names may contain tilde metacharacters.</li>
      <li>The first table in the body will be used for mapping purposes.</li>
      <li>The user style name values in the second column are treated as regular expressions that are anchored to the start of
        the style names that appear in the source document. The matching priority increases with each row. This means that if a
        2nd-column name contains another 2nd-columns name as its first letters, you should put the longer name below the
        contained name. Otherwise, the mapping rule of the shorter name will be applied no matter what the mapping rule of the
        longer name is.</li>
      <li>The comment column is irrelevant to the mapping process.</li>
      <li>If there are multiple style maps in a configuration hierarchy, they will be merged. If the system names of two rows
        match, the row from the more specific map file will win.</li>
      <li>The merged file will appear in the debug dir als style-mapping/consolidated-map.xhtml. It will contain provenance
        information in the first, all-<code>th</code> column, as links to the source map file for each rule.</li>
    </ul>
  </body>
</html>
